Question 1: Select your coding agent
You can use any coding agent you want. Which one did you choose?

Question 2: Turn the idea into a spec
Open a chat assistant and brainstorm with a prompt like:

I want to build a tool for managing shared household chores.

Help me set the scope for this project precisely. I want to brainstorm with you
and understand how the tool should work. Give me options.

Ask me one question at a time and keep your output short.
Answer its questions, then ask it to save everything to a markdown file.

What are the 2-4 features your spec settled on?

GitHub Repository
Create an empty GitHub repository, clone it locally. Create two files there:

.gitignore
README.md
_docs/plan.md with the plan
Commit and push.

Question 3: Django project
For this project we'll use Django.

Ask your agent to install Django and create a project and an app for it. At some point, you will need to include the app you created in the project.

What's the file you need to edit for that?

settings.py
manage.py
urls.py
wsgi.py
For this and next questions you can ask your coding assistant to select the correct option.

Question 4: Backlog
Then give your agent the plan.md and ask it to propose a small backlog of tasks for building this in Django. Write the result to backlog.md.

What's task 1 in the backlog your agent came up with?

Question 5: First version
Implement the first few tasks. Just open your agent and say:

Implement task #1 from backlog.md
Run the server. Which command do you use to start the Django development server?

uv run python manage.py runserver
uv run django-admin startserver
python manage.py start
uv run python app.py runserver
Question 6: Tests
After implementing a few items from the backlog, let's make sure the code is covered with tests.

Tell the agent we want to cover the code with tests
Ask it which scenarios we should cover
Make sure they make sense
Let it implement them and run them
What's the command you use for running tests in the terminal?

pytest
python manage.py test
python -m django run_tests
django-admin test